Update entities.md (#5216)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/entities.md

Entities can be specified with a single column or multiple columns. Entities (join keys) in a semantic model are identified by their name. Each entity name must be unique within a semantic model, but it doesn't have to be unique across different semantic models. 

There are four entity types: 
- [Primary](#primary) &mdash; Has only one record for each row in the table and includes every record in the data platform. This key uniquely identifies each record in the table.

> - [Unique](#unique) &mdash;  Contains only one record per row in the table but may have a subset of records in the data warehouse. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Unique](#unique) &mdash;  Contains only one record per row in the table and allows for null values. May have a subset of records in the data warehouse. 
```

> - [Foreign](#foreign) &mdash; A field (or a set of fields) in one table that uniquely identifies a row in another table. This key links to a primary key in another table, establishing relationships between tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Foreign](#foreign) &mdash; A field (or a set of fields) in one table that uniquely identifies a row in another table. This key establishes a link between tables.
```
